foreign
[Music]
[Applause] [Music] [Applause]
[Music] welcome back to Lady Babylon this is our
30 minute Thursday night bible study and tonight I'm going to take you somewhere that you
haven't yet been this is going to be fun um we also
have a couple of clips of Derek Lambert from myth vision
and I want to look at a couple of things that he said in a recent video just emphasize those great points that
he's making after that we'll talk about plenty bring him back from the dead
we'll look into some of the deepest darkest confusing
bits of gospel that you'll ever see on lady Babylon tonight
[Music]
so I'll also have a little appearance tomorrow night on Gnostic informant
we'll be talking about drugs talking about the drugs of antiquity a topic
that nobody ever ever wants to talk about classicists included classicists
included it's getting a little bit better a professor from Brown told me it'll
take people 10 years to catch up and then once they do it'll take off well it's been about 12 years now so we ought
to be making some progress in the field of ancient drugs try going
fun try going to your preacher Pastor Minister priest
try going to one of those people and asking them what do you know about drugs
when they tell you they don't know anything if they're honest if they uh you can just say okay thanks for being
honest but when they try to be bring up the topic of a goat ignore them run run
you're in the wrong place you're in the that's the that's the only back alley they can find to catch you and is that
goat that go to sacrifice it has nothing to do with anything anything
especially not the language they love to dance around those silly
pulls all the time it's hilarious let's get let's get on with a couple of Clips tonight of
myth vision Derek is hit a couple of points this week that I
was just like hey kudos to this man kudos to him and what
he is doing there's an honor a real honor in this he
has really captured the satanic spirit
yeah he's on fire with it Chewie hit us he just saying we're at a battle here in
terms of ideologies which affect all sorts of other things from politics ethics you name it
do you want to see the world become a better place I do
and I am in no way saying we need to shut down all religion or people should not be allowed to practice them
fundamentalism is an absolute opposition in my opinion to being able to freely
think fundamentalism notice that he said fundamentalism not one type of
fundamentalism but fundamentalism in general is an enemy is the old thought box
yeah hence the old argument why are you worshiping nature you don't
need that nature stuff we've got Creed yeah that's what the that's what Mr
Lambert in all of his you know he's having all of his guests on and he's got
experts he's got access to them and you can see he's growing you see the same
thing in Gnostic informant they're outgrowing they're tutors yeah they're outgrowing their tutors
they're essentially getting an education and they're outgrowing their tutors and they're seeing this is a war
this is a war yeah beautiful let's roll that second clip because Christians don't do that
when they're doing the claims for other deities they don't believe those things are all true
but theirs they do Muslims are doing the same thing with their particular worldview they have their own spin
not interested so help us with this battle this war by
liking the videos of the content creators you like by sharing the content out there as far
and as wide as you can leaving a comment goes a very far distance in helping the
algorithm pay attention even if it is just a comment here's one for the algorithm
because we have such large Christian apologetic channels that get all this attention and there's there's really an
ideological war going on to speed up the process and make this material more Broad and more public
that's how you can help there is an ideological war
going on he's talking about YouTube
yeah yeah this is a man who has worked the front line and seized the front line
for what it is yeah do you see the energy in him the
Zeal this smacks of the ancient Museum I can
I can smell it I can smell the ancient Museum no matter what you fundamentalists do no matter what you
indoctrinated dogmatic orthodoxic hegemonic Theocratic people do
the museum will persist you can burn all of our
Scrolls you can take all the books out of circulation you will not stop reason
you won't stop us this is beautiful um Kudos Derek Lambert Miss vision
yeah he's right there with war this is field of Mars right oh oh love it love it love it love
it okay let's go tonight to our first little bit of uh jaunt back into the
history we're gonna be doing Bible study tonight I'm going to take you to the proto-evangelion the infancy Gospel of
James we're going to look at a section that makes no sense in the English
that's because the translation is terrible but first we're going to start
with some plenty and you'll notice I'm giving you all of Plenty in English
yeah yeah think about that there's a good reason
um the Latin comes across much more clearly you can refine it with technical
adjustments but as my students who are learning both languages now as they're going to see is they're going to start
to develop different forms of communication there's different levels of thinking and with
the ancient Greek sometimes we can get so lost in the orphic analog that we
lose sight of what's going on that's right tonight's text is full it's full
of orific radiation you're gonna love it first we gotta go through a little background with plenty hit that first
plenty yeah I should have been inclined to think
that Orpheus had been the first to introduce into a Country Stone in Arizona Certain Magical superstitions
based upon the practice of medicine right off the bat right off the bat we
have an association with medicine and Magic plenty Just Hits this over and
over and over and over again you have to realize you cannot separate the drugs
and the magic you can't when he says Madison those things that are given
Medea to make puts you in a state of Wellness yes he's talking about drugs he's
talking about Pharmacy right sorcery it's why we call it you know all the
Fatima Khan Roots we translate sorcery sorcery right
drugs and Magic are one let's go to the next quote
for the art of magic is a fact beyond all doubt though at the same time I
would have marked that in the most ancient times and when plenty says ancient times he's talking about Bronze
Age he's talking about his Antiquity right and indeed by the way his first
century um and indeed almost invariably it was in this branch of science that was
sought the highest point of celebrity and of literary Renown at all events
Pythagoras we find we find in pedicles Democritus and Plato cross the seas in
order to attain a knowledge thereof and you say to yourself Democritus what a
Democritus give us he's that pre-syncratic philosopher who gave us the atom
yeah your concept everything that modern physics is based on that's a conception
in from the mind of a pre-socratic philosopher who
studied and wrote about magic extensively extensively good good let's get another
quote from Plenty it was Democritus too first your attention to Apollo Becky's of comptos
to dardanus and to Phoenix The Works of dardenness and yes that's
the famous dardeness who we call the Greeks after right we call them dardanians yes that's him he saw it in
the Tomb of uh of that personage right you always bury your magic scrolls with
you Noom is doing it right for a reason and his own were composed in accordance
with the doctrines there found give me one more give me one more text
there is also a marvelous coincidence in the fact that the two Arts medicine I mean magic we're developed
simultaneously Medicine by the writings of Hippocrates and Magic by The Works of
Democritus so right away they should throw you a little bit wait a minute the origins of that Greek literary magic
where we have books that contain these magical principles and premises and
spells and incantations and hymns that all of these things literally go
back to a pre-socratic wave of Renaissance like thought yes they do
they do but we'll see that the earlier forms of this that come
uh from this Persian magus the these medo-persian mogress
these forms are ultimately where plenty is going to say all of this interaction
took place with the drugs all of this knowledge plenty tells us
about the Magi using drugs to interrogate
and he says they're wonderful drugs for causing you to hallucinate for you to be able to see things that
are horrific that are incredibly scary and all the Magus has to do who's
performing the interrogation is to give you the drug and then for himself to take in the
demon the diamond and to express that diamond to this drugged person and that person will tell
you the truth as they perceive it they will reflect what exactly they
perceive it's amazing it's amazing technology so plenty tells us that the Magi do this
they're the best interrogators and they work against conspiracies right you want to find out who the other conspirators
are drug the guy that you catch and get their names and locations
so what does that have to do with the Bible study what does that have to do with the Bible study of course the
evangelicals are not going to know this the guys at the Seminary who claim to be Greek experts are not going to know this
why because the only thing they ever read was their own little texts
and when you do that you don't develop a vocabulary you develop an inbred
two-headed three-eyed monster it's disgusting
it's disgusting don't tell me you can translate those texts you can't
I'll take any of you on yeah breathe heavy heavy breathing
oh I'm sorry it gets me gassed though when that happens what does this have to do with the Bible right Devil's only
give me another quarter of an hour so what does this have to do with the Bible let's run to the text now
um chewy get us quick to the star system that has the next set of quotes in it
yeah here we go perfect nice look at this here we are in the sixth month of her pregnancy that's Mary Mary I told
you this had something to do with the Bible Joseph came from his house building and went into the house to find
her swelling uh-oh and he struck his face
and threw himself on the ground and sackcloth and wept bitterly how can I
look to the Lord God what will I pray about her for I took her as a virgin from the Temple of the Lord and did not
guard her who has set this trap for me who did this evil in my house
I want to come back to this but I want to stop there and just comments on it you see what's happening he's saying who
came in and raped my Virgin somebody came in and raped my version
who's I'm in trouble now I'm supposed to be guarding this virgin [Music] and
she's pregnant who did this
who stole this version for me and defiled her has not the story of Adam
been repeated with me for while Adam was glorifying God the serpent came and
found Eve alone and deceives her and defiled her so it's happened to me do
you hear what he just says is over here he just said he's saying that Eve
was entered into sexual intercourse with you know who serpent himself
right everybody knows he's the hottest right you didn't know that all of Genesis came down to one fact that Eve
saw the hotter of the two choices and ended up having intercourse now this
doesn't strike me as odd it does a lot of people that Eve would be having sex
with the devil right um but we know that the devil used to
scrape his skin put it in her water
yeah Isn't that cool now if you were covered in pain
and psychedelic paint and you were going to influence someone
to try to bring that sting of Eros to them right that's why we have Eros in the
front today if you're going to try to bring that sting to them you can do it with a drug you can do it
this and that that's aspers gorgeous gorgeous right that evening star we all
know what do people say hey Neil and Derek you guys have a lot of shows with
experts on I talk a lot about the devil not once have I heard any of these
people talk about how hot the devil was devil was the best looking of everybody
this is Adonis for a reason you see it do you see the Morning Star
now I'm giving you the images that those of you who have ears to hear will be
able to know exactly where we are okay let's go nice quote we gotta we
gotta hustle through this and the high priest said to her Mary what is this how have you humiliated yourself did you
forget the Lord You're God you were raised in the holy of holies and received from the hand of an Angel wait
what yeah I looked at the Greek it's very the
same thing it's it's literally you're nourished you were grown you were grown
in the holy of holies not just the temple he doesn't say the temple in what the Greeks called the ataton the Inner
Space where you met with the god that's where she was raised
that's where she was raised she made the purple and the Scarlet dies for the
threads beautiful beautiful okay the same quote we need to you heard their songs and
danced before what you heard their songs and danced before them oh
maybe that's why he's talking about the dancing in the chorus for the temple
oh it's beautiful look at the Jews performing these rights the rights of a pagan mystery you would think
you would think their history would have stopped them but it didn't
didn't that's how we get to this quirky this quirky saying that nobody can explain it
the English translations are terrible keep going to the next uh what's their next is it yep here we go okay so what's
gonna happen right The High Priestess found out The High Priestess found out that Mary's
pregnant and he summoned Josephine and Mary right
and so the priests the high priest says
give me back my girl give me back the Virgin notice he's
still calling her a virgin right yeah the Virgin whom you took from
the Temple of the Lord and so I'm reading this literally and so
Joseph stood there and started crying
I'm sorry it says that he started crying okay okay uh so you know probably
because he's scared right he defiled the virgin of the temple my God man that can't be good
and so the the pie priest says to him I am going to make you drink
the water of the Judgment of the Lord and it will
make clear your wrongdoings in your eyes
take that off for a minute it will make clear your wrongdoings in
your eyes now in a minute he's going to untie him both
all right if you read this in English it makes no sense it makes absolutely no sense because and
this is where we on satanic initiation will benefit
so much what they do is they follow the actual analog they follow the metaphor
right and they say Joseph goes off from the Wilderness he comes back and everything's fine
they're following the analog right listen to it with your ears it's a
drug interrogation okay so he's gonna give you and that thing that he says he's going to give
him is a title for a drug
Judgment of God yes you know what the Judgment of God is it's a drug the love of God the love of
God let me say that again the love of God is the name of an ancient drug
do you know what it's made of it's Jesus's semen
yeah yeah bring those texts I am
bring those tags yeah let's go back to the Greek finish
this up and uh the the high priest took him and forced him to drink and when it says it
took him that's really like capturing him like like taking a hold of putting hands on him and he forces him
to drink he forces him to drink or does he force
him uh to he forces him to drink what he told him he's gonna force him to drink pimpson and he sent him out into the
wilderness he sent him out into the Wilderness where's what's the Wilderness the
Wilderness is that place where you are tempted it is literally here this use of it of
the word is that Borderland in Egypt they referred to it this way it's that
desert Borderland um in Greece different parts of Grace you could talk about the
inlands of the Hills the wild Hill Country as that Wilderness
as that Wilderness yes um let's go devil says six minutes
uh and so yeah and so what else did he do any Kai Elfin right so he can't he
comes back and he's Hollow cleros he's Hollow clairos that word cleros is the
word for lot yes his lot is whole he comes back he
hasn't untied him yet right he hasn't let him go he sends him into the Wilderness with
this solution that he makes him drank specifically drank and he comes back
holocaatos true to the sorte true to the
um the randomization of reality this is this is drug talk these are necromancers
right these Magi are doing these interrogations These are necromancers bro this high priest it's a
necromancerous Jewish necromancer keep going hurry we gotta hurry yeah and
um so he sends the uh he sends the Virgin out to the Wilderness too and she comes back holoclados everything is fine
and everybody is amazed right because they couldn't find any falsehood in the
story they didn't reveal anything right and so the priest says you know since well since we can't bring the
bring out any fault then I'm not going to right I'm not going to contradict here what's going on yes yes yes let's
go to the next um text I just wanted to see clados here clarus here ah yes necromantic ties for
those of you who want to pause that and take a look at it let's go to the next test though I want to go back really
quick to plenty and I want to read this to you the mythradatic antidote is composed of 450 ingredients not of what
you're using exactly the same proportion and the quantity prescribed is in some
cases so small as the 60th part of one Denarius that's not very much which of
the Gods pray can have an instructed man and such trickery as this I hate to
which the mere subtlety of Human Adventure could surely never have reached come on calm down play it
clearly must emanate from a vain ostentation of scientific skill
and and must be set down as a monstrous system yes puffling off the Medical Art
yeah you see that these things are so specific with their measurements for all
of these ingredients right that they're just showing off their scientific skill
that's all they're doing so when the priest pulls out his um water of of God's judgment and is
able to administer it um don't let it be surprised don't let it surprise you this knowledge is there
this knowledge is there fantastic I want to take you really quick why did we go
to the mythradatic I want you to consider the treacle well for everybody who's in satanic initiation I want you
to consider the treacle well and consider it that Lewis Carroll took
Alice there with her sisters in a boat he didn't take her to the well but he
talked about the will in Oxford and he said there are three girls that live at
the bottom of this well right that treacle that word Trico is based off the Greek theriac
and for those of you who have been paying attention this explosion of knowledge comes
partially because of what Lewis Carroll's advisor is doing in Classics so if you really want to understand
Alice in Wonderland and the use of the treacle well um you want you want to dip into
Antiquity um yes and then all of a sudden the symbols are there and instead of saying
like that terrible English translation you know they sent them off in the woods and they came back and it makes no sense
with you know where's the drug involved by the way and it says after that he untied their hands it says he he
released their bonds and let them go right so this is exactly a match is
plenties um almost contemporary description right plenty's first century this gospel is
really second century it's like 150-ish somewhere around there so
um yeah it's per it's okay you're within you know 80 years of each other that's
you know it's not much so it's good contemporary evidence plenty and the
gospel are using the same language to illustrate the same type of event yeah it's wonderful and
um what I'll do is I'll continue with this uh through Neil tomorrow and I'll
stick informant tomorrow and we'll talk about some of the hardcore drug texts
and what they're doing uh what doctors are doing in Antiquity and kind of look at that side that narcotic side if you
will of everything I want to tie this all up into a nice with a nice bow
and say the world that we're learning about that's there in the Greek
is not the world that we're being given there is an ideological war I I'm in
complete agreement Derek is right there's an ideological
war going on and that war has been going on for a long time and it is meant to
obscure reality it is obfuscation at its best
Christianity as they said in antiquity is meant for one thing and one thing
alone power the acquisition of power when you start
burning down the museum you are doing so to set your path to
power we are in conflict things that I say are not what your
preachers are going to tell you but you should know they're out there they're out there and they're real and
we have a duty we have a duty a servant to the Muse we have a duty to protect those texts
and those who claim to be Guardians who have taken these new testament texts and say these are ours you seminarians you
priests shame on you
for letting your guard down shame on you for claiming your expertise when you
have none it's disgusting long live the Muse hail
Satan [Music]
[Applause] [Music] maybe I will too
just put on different [Music]